# Professor-Bot-Public

Gets professor data from anex.us and uses it to calculate the statistics of a certain professor or rank professors of a certain class. Consolidates the information into an embed and sends the ratemyprofessor.com link to make selecting professors for classes easy and quick.

Takes user input given through a discord message. Both methods profSearch() and rank() use the getChart() method, which converts the html chart from anex.us into a 2d array through webscraping. The user can either choose to rank all professors from a class or see the stats of an individual professor based on their input. If the stats for an individual professor is requested, it will create a prof object with the name set to the sepcific instructor requested. The chart is then looped through and if the name from the chart and professor name match, the information from the chart is added to the professor through a series of methods. Once the chart has been looped though, the GPA and grade percentages are then calculated, formatted, and sent back to the user in an embed.
If rank is selected, the information chart is looped through, making a new prof object for each new name. The process for getting all of their stats are the same as for individual professors except its done for every professor through using a loop. Once all the information is gathered, the GPA is calculated. The professors are then sorted from highest to lowest average GPA. Once the list of professors has been sorted, they are put into an embed and sent back to the user.
The ratemyprofessor.com link for each professor is also sent with both the individual prof embed or ranked embed. This is easily found through web scraping and easily takes the user directly to their page.
